I'm standing in the heart of shwan
neighborhood in the north of Gaza
City over the past few hours Israel's
war planes have intensified air strikes
on this already destroyed area it was
targeted with missiles from jet fighters
as well as artillery shells even though
Israeli tanks and their ground troops
had pulled out days ago the Israelis
warned residents to evacuate to the
center of the strip but very few
residents heed it I'll try to speak to
some of the residents that still remain
here
Israeli forces turned back to the north
of Gaza Strip they warning residents of
the north to leave their homes again
after they pulled their tanks and
soldiers from the area we once again
being showered with artillery shells and
smoke
bombs and will you respond to these
calls we have held our ground since the
beginning of the war we have no other
place to go we will continue to remain
home standing our ground steadfast
total Destruction massive damage nothing
was spared residential homes public
facilities schools and mosks and even
the infrastructure itself as residents
are trying to resume some way of normal
life the Israeli occupation forces are
again intensifying their attacks all
over the north of the Gaza
Strip as we speak the Israeli military
is shelling the western part
ofan gazin are adamant to remain despite
the massive destruction and the total
absence of life's basic
necessities as you can see for yourself
it's really dire but we only complain to
God he knows what's become of
us residents here are adamant to stand
their ground not to leave their homes
even though the Israeli Army is once
again intensifying its attacks on the
North
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz